Hey Stampers!
Diane Dimich here with ddstamps.com
Today I'm going to show you how to make this
card using a technique that I have in another
video
that I will link to this video
It shows you a really easy way how to cut
the
paper so that if you take a pack of
Stampin' Up! Designer Series paper,
2 packs of the coordinating card stock
you can get 75 cards!
with the base, and then I did a different
embellishment
on the other card
I did this flower on this one, and
I want to show you quickly how I did that!
To begin with, I'm going to come in with
a piece of Designer Series Paper
this is one of our Bohemian DSP
It is beautiful!
It has really bold, bright colors
This isn't all of it, but I'm just going to
start with this
I'm going to come in with my paper cutter
I took my 12"X12" sheets,
and I cut them down to 4" X 12" strips
and then cut at 5 1/4", that's what this sheet
is
I show that in the other video
so come in here,
and cut off 2" of this piece
and this is going to end up being the base
for my card
so the base of my card is a 8 1/2" X 11" piece
cut in half, so that made it 8 1/2" X 5 1/2",
scored at 4 1/4"
fold that in half
I'm going to take these two pieces of paper
one of them I'm going to flip
it doesn't matter which side you flip
It's going to line up here
you're going to see that you'll have a frame
going around it
so there is your base
then I'm going to come in with a little strip
of cardstock
these are just some of the 1/2 " strips that
I cut off
that whole strip of 4" X 12" paper
I'm just going to line that up there
that gives you your base for your card
and then I'm going to use the stamp set
Crazy About You
I love this flower that is in the stamp set
It's bigger than what this picture shows on
the front
This is a great set!
It has all these great flowers and
lots and lots of different words
that you can put together
to make your card say what you want it to
so I'm going to start with a little Bermuda
Bay
and that big, bold flower
I'm stamping that on my card stock
I'm inking it up in Stampin Up Bermuda Bay
and stamping it three times
there we go!
This one didn't stamp very well
but that's okay because we're going to punch
these images out
and not going to be using that section
line it up with the punch that matches
punch it out
the other two, you come in with a scissor
and trim them out
so this one over here, I'm going to cut along
the outside
flower on the inside of the stamped image
(cutting in fast forward)
(music playing)
On this one here, because this has that little
flaw
I'm going to cut out the inside flower
on the stamped image
(cutting in fast forward)
(music playing)
Once I have that done
I'm going to go ahead and put some dimensionals
I'll add a dimensional to the big flower
and then put this one on there
crooked, kind of kitty wompus
add another dimensional
and add this flower on there
like I said, it doesn't have to be
straight or perfect
but you can see how you get a dimensional
flower
This technique would work with any of the
flower stamp sets that you have
So once I've done that
I'm going to go ahead and add 2 dimensionals
to the back of this flower
and then just add that to the front of my
card
then, I took a little strip of the Very Vanilla
It's just a little 1/2" strip
and the Thanks stamp
of the Crazy About You stamp set
And I'm going to stamp that on there
and then I'm coming in with the banner punch
This banner punch is awesome
It has these gutters that are 1", 1 1/2" and
2"
So your cardstock slides right in there to
punch a banner
but if you wanted to punch a banner that is
a little bit smaller
this is just 1/2"
I'm going to slide this in, until it hits
the back of the punch
then make sure it's lined up between these
edges
punch down
and you end up with a banner
I will add right to my card
like that!
And then to top that off
I'm going to take one of our embellishment
pearls
and add that to the top of the flower
There is your card!
It's quick and easy!
Using these dimensional flowers is very trendy
right now
and it can be done with any of your floral
stamp sets
so go and look and see what you have,
and then make a couple fun embellishments
I hope you enjoyed that
I will link this to my website
where there will be a list of products
for this project
you'll also have the ability to sign up for
my newsletter
where I send out tips, tricks and techniques
each week
to help you with your stamping
Thank you and I hope you have a great day!!
(music playing)